are your hydraulic cylinder operating
requirements increasing to your
customers demand more and more out of
your products then turkin steps ylvie
could be the answer
turkin step see La Vie gives high static
and dynamic ceiling effect very good
extrusion resistance to suit wide
hardware clearances low friction
increasing performance and working life
and the patented hydrostatic pressure
relief channel applications include boom
extension cylinders wheel loader lifts
cylinders on off-road vehicles and
hydraulic eight cylinders in dams
let's take one of those typical
applications for a Turk on step sylvie a
boom extension cylinder on a truck
seals what the low friction and good
extrusion resistance are needed to seal
the rod and piston here is a recommended
seating configuration including turkan
steps UV one that will give outstanding
performance and extend the life of the
cylinder
Terk on step Silvie incorporates
advanced seating technology with its
patented hydrostatic pressure relief
channel and unique contoured rear camper
or hydrodynamic back pumping the design
is completed with a notch and
stabilizing edge utilizing the latest
materials technology you have a seal
that gives superior performance step
Silvie is available in a range of torque
on and zircon compounds demonstrating
outstanding properties
the seal can be installed in rod or
piston as shown here
find out if torque on step Silvie can
improve the performance of your
hydraulic cylinder application by
contacting your local Trelleborg sealing
solutions marketing company find out
more on our website at wwlp.com